Cagri and Elio intro blog post (#549)
ropensci/roweb3: content/blog/2023-05-16-champions-program-teams/index.md

---
title: "rOpenSci Champions Program Teams: Meet Alican Cagri Gokcek and Elio Campitelli"
author:
  - Alican Cagri Gokcek
  - Elio Campitelli

> date: '2023-05-16'

Reviewer: Reminder to update date here and in the folder

tags:
  - community
  - champions program
featured: true
description: "Introducing Champions and Mentors - Alican Cagri Gokcek and Elio Campitelli"
---

*We designed the [rOpenSci Champions Program](/champions/) with a mentorship aspect. Mentoring plays a significant role in the growth and development of both mentors and mentees alike. In our program, each Champion has a mentor who accompanies them during their training and development of their project.*

*In this series of blog posts, we introduce you to the ten teams of this first cohort and what they will be working on in the program.*

Meet **Alican Cagri Gokcek** from Turkey and **Elio Campitelli** from Argentina!

## Alican Cagri Gokcek - Champion

{{< figure src = "/img/team/alican-cagri-gokcek.jpeg" class = "pull-left" width = "300" alt = "Profile photo of Alican Cagri Gokcek" caption = "<center><strong>Alican Cagri Gokcek</strong></center>">}}

> My name is Alican Cagri Gokcek. I am originally from Turkey, and live in the United States right now. I am a visually impaired person since the birth. I have a BA and MA in the department of Political Science and International Relations at Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey where I also spent three more years as a Ph.D. student before coming to the United States to start my new Ph.D. training from scratch in the department of Political Science at the University of Nevada, Reno in August 2022. My research interests are social movements and contentious politics with a specific focus on labor, international political economy with a special interest in capitlism's crises and opportunities in contemporary world, and computational social science with a specific focus on accessibility of statistics and statistical softwares in education. In Champions Program, I aim at becoming a peer reviewer to contribute to the package evaluation processes from the point of the disabled. I believe that Champions Program sends an invaluable message to the entire R community through its inclusiveness and respect for the people with underrepresented minorities.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
My name is Alican Cagri Gokcek. I am originally from Turkey, and currently live in the United States. I am a visually impaired person since the birth. I have a BA and MA from the department of Political Science and International Relations at Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey where I also spent three more years as a Ph.D. student before coming to the United States in August 2022 to start my new Ph.D. training from scratch in the department of Political Science at the University of Nevada, Reno. My research interests are social movements and contentious politics with a specific focus on labor; international political economy with a special interest in capitalism's crises and opportunities in the contemporary world; and computational social science with a specific focus on accessibility of statistics and statistical software in education. In the Champions Program, I aim to become a peer reviewer to contribute to the package evaluation processes from the viewpoint of the disabled. I believe that the Champions Program sends an invaluable message to the entire R community through its inclusiveness and respect for underrepresented minorities.  
```

</br>

## Elio Campitelli - Mentor

{{< figure src = "/img/team/elio-campitelli.jpg" class = "pull-left" width = "300" alt = "Profile photo of Elio Campitelli" caption = "<center><strong>Elio Campitelli</strong></center>">}}

> I’m a PhD student at the University of Buenos Aires where I study the atmospheric circulation in the Southern Hemisphere and how it affects the weather in South America. I'm also the maintainer for several R packages teacher of R and data analysis. As a mentor, I'm exited to be able to help people to navigate the waters of package maintenance with what I learnt from my successes and mistakes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I’m a PhD student at the University of Buenos Aires where I study atmospheric circulation in the Southern Hemisphere and how it affects weather in South America. I'm also the maintainer for several R packages and am a teacher of R and data analysis. As a mentor, I'm exited to be able to help people to navigate the waters of package maintenance with what I learnt from my successes and mistakes. 
```
